Buyer’s Guide

You are an agent of your own free will. That means you may choose to make purchases how you see fit, however please note that the following guidelines have been developed to help you protect yourself and keep you safe from the clutches of law enforcement, con-artists and would-be-wrong-doers.

CONTENTS

1.   Your Account
2.   Placing an Order
3.   Address Best Practice
4.   PGP
5.   Escrow
6.   Ratings and Reviews
7.   Your Bitcoin Wallet

YOUR ACCOUNT

Better safe than sorry: If in doubt, create a fresh account.

Before you place an order that will be delivered to your address, it’s important that you make sure the account you’re using is not connected to anything else. If you’re also a vendor, use a fresh account. If your username is used anywhere in the real world, use a fresh account. If you feel in any way that your identity could be tied to the account you will be buying from, use a fresh account.

Once you have established the account you will be making purchases from, it is important that you do not use any of the account information anywhere else. We also recommend that you do not store login details where prying eyes could get hold of them – such as on your computer’s hard drive. It is recommended that you store your login details using physical methods such as a removable disk or using pen and paper – and keep these details under strict lock and key.

PLACING AN ORDER

Exercise extreme caution before entrusting your details to anybody else. Research the person you’ll be buying from, check their reviews, and if you are unsure as to a person’s credibility, either start small or don’t order at all.

Remember that our system will automatically delete your address once the vendor has marked your order as in-transit, however for security, always use PGP for sensitive or identifiable information (more on PGP later).

If possible, order from vendors in the same country as you – they are more likely to arrive.

ADDRESS BEST PRACTICE

Although it is tempting to place an order to a fake name, fake address or non-identifiable postal box, this practice is generally not recommended. Your order is far more likely to arrive if you use a real name and address, as it will raise less red flags for the postal service. This is especially true of International orders.

When sending your address to the vendor you’ve ordered from, always encrypt it and always type it out how you would expect to do so if you were sending a package to yourself. In most countries, this is:

Your Name
First Line of Your Address
Your City
Your State/County
Your Country
Zip or Postal Code

If you suspect that a parcel is arriving after being inspected by Law Enforcement Officials (usually spotted if you’re asked to sign and the delivery would otherwise not require a signature) in an attempt to catch you out (known as a Controlled Delivery), you should mark the package as ‘Return to Sender’ and leave it alone for the rest of the day to be sure. This gives you credible deniability.

PGP

Pretty Good Privacy is the most effective way of staying secure, even on an already largely anonymous network.

If you don’t know how to use PGP, you probably shouldn’t be ordering illegal goods online.

Using PGP will encrypt your communications so that only the recipient can decipher the message you send – please check the PGP threads in the forum to learn how to use PGP effectively if you don’t already know.

ESCROW

We operate a secure escrow facility. Any money you pay in exchange for goods will be held here, until you mark the order as received. This makes attempts to scam far more difficult.

Please do not release the funds in escrow before you receive your product (Finalising Early or FE), as nothing can then be done if you do not receive your package.

If you do not receive your package, contact your seller. If you believe the seller is trying to con you out of your money, you may raise the issue to be looked into by arbitration, however this only applies if the money you have paid remains in escrow.

RATINGS AND REVIEWS

Once you have received your order, you should finalize to release the money from escrow. Once you have tested your product, you should leave your vendor a rating and review – this helps other members of the community to check a vendor’s credibility. Ratings and reviews should consider the following:

Communication – did the vendor respond promptly and professionally to your questions?

Delivery – did the package arrive when the vendor said it would?

Stealth – was the packaging adequate to deceive postal services?

Quality – was the quality of product as described?

Price – was the product worth what you paid for it?
